In today's video, I'm going to show you
guys how to create really impressive
websites using Claude code. And to bring
it to life, we're going to use Seed ants
2.0, which is a new model available on
Higgs Field. And Higgs Field are also
the sponsor of today's video. Let's go.
You guys can either follow along with
this video with your own design, or I'll
put the link for this design in the
description, so you could use this
specifically. If you pay for Figma, you
can go down here, and then you can click
on dev mode, and then right over here
where it says MC P, you can just copy
this example prompt. But to make this as
inclusive as possible, let's say you
don't have a Figma subscription, then we
can just do it this way. We'll just take
a screenshot of our design like this,
and we'll pull
Claude. So, we'll drag this screenshot
into here, and we'll give it this prompt
here. Make this into a full-screen hero
section of website. The font is Manrope.
The H1 is 80 pixel size. We'll make sure
that Opus 4.6 is selected, and we'll run
it. And this here is what it's given us.
So, this has done a pretty good job, you
know. It's even managed to kind of make
a button, and where we didn't have an
actual icon file, it's kind of just made
one. Now, at this point in my workflow,
this is typically where I go from the
desktop app into terminal using Claude.
Now, you can simply just ask Claude, "I
want to continue this with Claude in the
terminal. How do I do that?" So, now
we've got our website on the left, and
we've got Claude on the right. This here
is where we can make micro adjustments.
So, like for example, the H1 should be
regular and semi-bold weight, and then
the star icon at the end of the 3D magic
is not shown correctly. Let's run this.
So, now we can refresh page,
and that's looking pretty good. Now,
it's actually using an emoji, but we'll
keep that for now. So, in the Figma,
I've got this SVG, this sort of grids
type thing. Well, we're going to export
this out as an SVG. In our project
folder, we'll make a new folder called
images, and then we'll [snorts] save
this as grid.svg. Now, we'll ask it,
"Add the grid.svg that's in the images
folder to the full-screen background. It
should sit behind everything, filling
the entire page." And look at that.
Instantly, we've got this, and it scales
appropriately. How cool is that? Now,
what I think would be quite cool is if
we start to blur out the edges, so this
is less intense. Let's add a radial mask
to this to create a vignette mask. And
then, how cool is that? You can see it's
literally fading off from the edge. And
let's just say,
tighten it up a bit. Cuz we want to kind
of bring that mask in a little bit. I
don't quite like how the lines are
coming over to the navigation links up
there. So, we'll refresh it.
And then now you can see it's a little
bit tighter. Now, the design doesn't
quite match our Figma yet, so we can
take our logo file, and we can save that
out. Just got to make sure it's in to in
the right folder. We could take this
icon down here, and we'll say we'll call
this button icon, and then we'll take
this one here, and we'll call that star.
Then we'll just say, "Replace our logo
file with logo.svg in images, the button
icon with svg, and then the star icon."
Then we'll refresh it, and then now we
can see our logo is in there, our icon
is down there, and we've got our star
icon there. So, now for the part that's
really going to bring this together and
look really unique, we're going to use
Higgs Field to generate some images, and
then we're going to turn those images
into videos using Seed ants 2.0. So,
let's do that. This is Higgs Field here,
and Higgs Field's really good because
they have access to all these different
AI models. And what we're going to do to
start this off, we're going to click on
Nano Banana 2, and we're going to go
down here, and we want to create these
two sort of Pixar style characters. So,
we're going to give it this prompt here.
Create a Pixar style character on a
white background. He should be similar
style to character from Up. He has a
miner's helmet on and a knitted jumper.
And then, aspect ratio we'll just keep
as it is, and then let's run it. And
we'll also run this on Nano Banana Pro
just to see more variations of it. And
you can see it's generated us images
like this and this and
These are probably a little bit too
close to Up. So, after a few prompts, we
landed on these two characters here, and
this is exactly the sort of thing that
we're looking for. We can drag them into
the Figma, and we can really get an idea
how this looks. So, let's take each of
these characters and export them out.
So, we're going to say, "I want to add
the two character.png images into the
design. They're in the images folder.
Position them like this." And we're just
going to give it this screenshot. Then
we refresh the page. We have our
characters in. Now, let's head back over
into Higgs Field, and this time let's
click on video, and we're going to
choose Seed ants 2.0. So, we'll add in
our character.png here, and we'll give
it this prompt here. This character is
on a solid white background. He's
looking around. Static camera
positioning. No panning. Now, the good
thing with Seed ants 2 is it's super
precise, so it [snorts] should do just
all of those things, cuz we want a lot
of control with these character
animations. We can't have things moving
around too crazy. So, we'll generate
that. And this here is what we get. So,
you can see our character is just kind
of looking around. He's not moving
around. He's not getting cropped at the
sides. This is perfect for what we need.
And this is why Seed ants 2.0 is really
good for this, because it keeps things
controlled. So, let's download that. And
then we've also done it for our other
character, and you can see that he's
looking around just like this now.
And, you know, there's no cropping at
the edges. So, let's download that, too.
Now, if we add both of those videos to
our images folder, we'll say, "Let's
replace the images with their
appropriate video in the images folder."
Now, you can see our characters
are moving around just like that. And
how cool is that? But as you can see,
we've got this background on them, which
is not ideal, because it's not a true
white background. You know, sometimes
this will be perfect, sometimes it's
just not quite right. As a little extra
step, you could take your character into
DaVinci,
and you can isolate that background.
Show you that quickly. If you drag in
your character there, you can see that's
got a slightly gray background. We click
on here, and we go magic mask, and then
we just draw around this guy like this.
Then, you know, you can just draw in
little bits that are sort of hidden.
This does not need to be perfect,
because the outside is pretty white
anyway. And then we click this here to
run it. Then, if we go back onto our
timeline view, you now you can see it's
got an isolated background, and then we
can just add a solid white background
behind it. You can see the background is
gone, but you can also see it's kind of
cropping on this grid. So, we can just
say this, make the blend mode darken on
the videos, and what that's going to do
is it's going to punch out all the white
from it, essentially making it look like
a transparent video. Right, at this
point in the video, you might be
thinking that two videos like this on a
hero section, that's going to be really
heavy. Well, one really good thing about
Claude is you can literally ask it to
compress it in the terminal. So, let's
just say, "Can we compress the videos?"
You can see there, character one MP4 was
6 megabytes, now it's 650. And so, you
know, it was still a little bit heavy,
but that's a massive reduction in there.
You know, we'll lose a little bit of
quality, but that still looks really
good. So, let's add some animation to
the actual elements of the site. Let's
say, "Let's have the grid come on the
screen first, grow in, the H1 appearing
one word at a time." And now if we
refresh,
how cool is that? So, if you look at the
navigation, it gets a little bit broken
at mobile. So, let's fix that. Let's
say, "Let's make it responsive. Nav
links should turn into a burger icon,
show full-screen nav pop-up with a cross
at the top. Hide the characters on
mobile. Have the login button full
width." So, now if we refresh,
and we resize down, you can see that our
nav links get turned into here, and then
now we have this full-screen sort of
pop-up navigation, and the full site is
completely responsive. So, in literally
less than 10 minutes, we've managed to
build out this entire website with some
complex animations, some animated
characters, and I made a couple of fine
little tweaks on my side, but I think
this is looking really solid. So, now
let's just say you have your website.
How do you push this live online into a
live website? What you could tell Claude
at this point is, "Let's push this to a
GitHub repo, then show me the steps of
publishing this live on Cloudflare." And
this whole process takes literally 5
minutes, and then you can connect a
domain name, and you can actually host
this in most cases for free. But there
we go, guys. That is a little bit into
my process of how I work with Figma and
Claude, and go back and forward to make
really cool stuff in very little time.
If this video was useful for you guys,
please hit the like button. Subscribe if
you want to see more stuff like this.
And if you want to check out Higgs Field
and use Seed ants 2.0 for your video
generations, you can get unlimited
generations for 7 days at 70% off using
the link in the description. Thank you
guys for watching. I'll catch you guys
soon. Bye.